Auntie, I have a hard life
What about the ex-wife? She doesn't know anything.
No housework at all
So I'm pissed
Divorced
How about
Getting married is a big deal
You have to know the basics.
Like our child
Don't worry.
Doing things is clean and neat
Hey, don't you see that you are going to pick hawthorn again?
Can't be idle at all
Hahaha yeah yeah yeah
you
I thought so.
I will never be moved again in my life
How can you think of the little bald girl back then?
It's really a female college change
As soon as I see it, ah.
Just like a long drought meets the rain
Miss me
Can't sleep
Auntie hahaha
My child
You go to Shili Ba Village and ask around
No one is more handsome than my child
Ouch, don't listen to that village either
Nonsense my child I know
That's a serious guy